c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\Filters.dll.config
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\Filters.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\Filters.pdb
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\obj\Debug\Filters.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\obj\Debug\Filters.dll
c:\users\donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\obj\Debug\Filters.pdb
C:\Users\Donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\MyAuthenticate.dll
C:\Users\Donald\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\bin\MyAuthenticate.pdb
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Filters.dll.config
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Filters.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Filters.pdb
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\obj\Debug\Filters.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\obj\Debug\Filters.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\obj\Debug\Filters.pdb
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Ames.dll
C:\Users\donaldloo\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Filters\Filters\Filters\bin\Ames.pdb
